Add a list of plugins (#1763)
ACINQ/eclair: README.md

eclair-node-<version>-<commit_id>/bin/eclair-node.sh <plugin1.jar> <plugin2.jar> <...>
```

> ### List of current usable plugins
> 
> - https://github.com/engenegr/eclair-alarmbot-plugin
> 

Reviewer: We must make it clear that these plugins are not developed by Acinq (we don't have the bandwidth to do support for these plugins). What about:

```suggestion
### Non-exhaustive plugins list

Here are some plugins created by the eclair community.
If you need support for these plugins, head over to their respective github repository.

- [Telegram Bot for eclair alerts](https://github.com/engenegr/eclair-alarmbot-plugin)

```
